draft HPC instruction with brown instructions (#14)
ml4sts/handbook: onboarding/hpc.md

    ```
    ssh -N -L 8000:172.20.204.32:8888 <user>@ssh6.ccv.brown.edu
    ```
    enter your password and nothing will happen, but it will be working.
1. point browser to localhost:8000 and enter the token to access the notebook server
1. moving files to work locally if neeeded with:

    ```
    scp /path/to/source/file <username>@transfer.ccv.brown.edu:/path/to/destination/file
    ```

# Log into Unity account and run commands:

- https://unity.uri.edu/panel/account.php
- Either use Jupyter notebook for a more user interface-based experience. If preferred consol/CMD, add the SSH key to the local computer by following the following steps.
- Generate the SSH key from the account. The key should begin with ssh-rsa… … …. 
- Use the key to setup a configuration file to the local system. To do this, save the ssh key as a .key file. Notepad++ can be used for this. 
- Save the .key file to a folder. Such as: C:\Users\pujag\.ssh\unity-privkey.key.
- Then generate a configuration file to connect to Unity. 

## The configuration file should be like the following:

- “Host unity
- HostName unity.rc.umass.edu
- User puja_ghosh_uri_edu

> - IdentityFile C:\Users\pujag\.ssh\unity-privkey.key”

Author: is this the content of the file? can you make it a verbatim/ code block like this: 
````
```
this is an example
```
````

> - Save the file to C:\Users\pujag\.ssh\ as config file. This file should have no file extension. The file name should be only config. 

Author: can you make this general? like "save it to your home directory"

* Ask your professor for the teams pi ID (Usually looks something like pi_<name>_uri_edu
* After logging in to Unity, go to My PIs to find a list of groups
* Click the ```+``` button and paste the pi ID you got to request access

### Using Unity
There are multiple ways to using Unity:
- SSH from your terminal
- Use OnDemand apps that exist on the Unity website (One of which is a VS code framework that comes with a terminal)
- Find that app that makes more sense to the type of work you're doing

### Files on Unity
- On Unity you have a small personal space and a larger shared space for the PI team
- To access the shared space do ```cd /work/pi_<nameOfGroupAdmin>```. This is the shared space for the team
- Create your own folder and do you work there ```mkdir <folderName>```

### Using git/gh on Unity terminal
- git and gh are already installed on Unity
- git is simply accessible with no extra steps necessary
- gh on the other hand exists as a module that needs to be loaded 
``` Modules are packages that exist on the framework that can be loaded individually based on need for your project. To access the list of available modules type "module avail"```

> - type ```module load gh/2.43.1`` (Keep in mind this is currently the latest version. Type ```module avail``` to get the list of available modules with their latest versions that exist

Author: ```suggestion
- use `module load gh/2.43.1` (Keep in mind this is currently the latest version) or `module avail` to get the list of available modules with their latest versions that exist
```
